in 2023 I reached over 88 million people
across all of my different social media
channels and so in today's episode I'm
going to be breaking down my exact
strategy to grow that number even higher
in
[Music]
2024 in case you're brand new here my
name is Brock Johnson I am a social
media marketing strategist and basically
it's my job to help you get more
followers and then turn those followers
into dollars and so today I thought it
would be helpful if I shared my exact
blueprint my goals my plan my strategies
all of that for 2024 down to the exact
number of posts I plan on making per day
and how I Envision making all of this
possible and also before we even get
into today's episode I want to say that
while I will be making recommendations
throughout this episode this is what I'm
doing this is what works for me in this
current season of my life and I'm not
necessarily saying that this is
guaranteed to work for you this is
guaranteed what you should do this is a
best practice this is what I found works
very well for me and my audience and my
own personal life my my preferences my
goals and my boundaries and really keep
that in mind as you listen to my goals
because that's where I start before I
come up with my strategy my plan my
outline or anything like that I start
with my goals what do I want to achieve
in this year because depending on what
you want out of your social media the
way you interact and the way you use
your social media is going to be very
different and you might see that when
you compare my social media to my mom's
social media if you follow both of us on
Instagram or on Tik Tok it's very
obvious that we are following different
strategies although we now have a
similar number of followers around 6 or
700,000 we have very different
strategies and it's because we've been
doing this for different amounts of time
and more importantly we have different
goals moving forward my mom the other
co-host of this podcast shellene Johnson
has been in the online entrepreneurship
space pretty much since it began really
for the last 20 to 25 years she's been
in this space she's been making a name
for herself she's been speaking on
stages and she's been accumulating
followers and so she's very well known
at this point and she's not necessarily
in a stage of her life or her business
where she wants to be growing and
getting more followers and being uh
exposed to new audiences instead she
really wants to go deep with her
existing audience and she wants to
nurture them that's why you see much
less of a niche on her page that's why
you see her doing things like very
personal podcasts and even the top tier
loyal super fans who want to become
subscribers and pay for her weekly
podcast that's why you see more
inconsistencies within her posting
frequency on Instagram for example her
goal is to really nurture the community
that she has rather than growing a newer
or larger Community for myself on the
other hand while I have been doing this
for about seven years now I'm still
relatively new to the game and I didn't
really catch my big break until I blew
up on Instagram in 2021 and so when you
think about it that way I've really only
been doing this for a few years and I'm
still in a stage where I'm trying to
make a name for myself grow my personal
brand and reach a new audience because
the vast majority of people within
online entrepreneurship or that are
interested in online entrepreneurship
most likely have no idea who I am and so
with all of that being said my exact
goals for follower counts or subscriber
counts in 2024 are as follows in 2024 I
hope to reach 1 million followers on
Instagram again I'm about to cross the
700k Mark at the time of recording this
episode and it's definitely fluctuated
there have been months where I've grown
by 30 to 50,000 and then there have been
months where it's been slower and it's
been more like 10 to 15,000 new
followers another goal of mine in 2024
is to grow my Tik Tok to a quarter of a
million so 250,000 followers on Tik Tok
I used to have a Tik Tok account that
had about 350,000 followers I've done
multiple episodes explaining what
happened with that account but basically
I decided to shut it down and start over
so at the time of recording this I have
about 2,000 followers on Tik Tok and my
goal is to grow that by basically 100
times in 2024 and I do think that goal
plays into the Instagram goal because as
I build followers and get recognition on
Tik Tok I do expect at least some of
those people to funnel over to Instagram
as well and then my final social media
related goal is to grow this very
podcast this YouTube channel to 100,000
subscribers so if you're watching on
YouTube and you've never watched before
or you watch every single week but you
just do it by searching our Channel
rather than actually subscribing I do
really appreciate it and I would like to
encourage you to press that subscribe
button we had a lot of success with this
channel which we just put on YouTube in
2023 already at about 14,000 subscri
rers and my goal is 100,000 by the end
of 2024 I've said this before but I'll
say it again if you can achieve your
goals alone then your goals are too
small if you can achieve your dreams
without a team then your dreams are too
small you're not dreaming big enough and
that's important to say right now
upfront because a lot of the strategies
and a lot of the systems that I'm going
to tell you about today that work for me
they work because I have a team and you
may be thinking well I'm just starting
out I don't need a team yet and I would
argue that until you get a team you're
always going to feel like you're just
starting out very rarely does it happen
that your business blows up or your
social media blows up and then you're
like okay now I'm going to hire a team
by that point it's probably because
you're feeling overwhelmed and I would
even argue that by that point it's too
late so get out ahead of things and
start preparing by exploring hiring a
team and I shouldn't even say hiring a
team if you don't have anyone on your
team yet just explore hiring one single
person we've done previous episodes of
build your tribe about this topic but if
it's something that you would like us to
talk more about in the future then let
me know down in the comments below this
episode um and we can definitely talk
more about hiring and who to hire and
who to hire first in 2024 but in 2023 I
read this really great book and we
actually all did as a family my mom dad
myself we all read it together I think
my sister read it too I'm not sure if
Sierra did but the book was called who
not how and if I was to summarize the
book essentially the whole book was
trying to argue that growing in business
or in life getting better improving is
less about how you're going to do those
things and much more about who is going
to help you do those things or who is
going to do those things for you and so
one of my big goals or challenges for
you in 2024 if you don't already have a
team a staff or even a single person
helping you out consider adding that one
person hiring someone whether it's a
social media manager an editor someone
who's going to help you with copywriting
and script writing hiring one single
person can make a significant difference
and then it might even give you that a
how moment that I know I had after
hiring my first virtual team member
which was like wow I see how much more
time this can give me I see how much
more freedom and flexibility just hiring
one person can give me and so now almost
every single year we've continued to
expand our team in 2023 one of my goals
was to hire three new team members and
that's just for my personal team that
doesn't include our insta clubhub team
our podcasting team the team Johnson
team that's just me and my wife Within
in our personal business and our
personal team and in 2024 I hope to hire
I think my goal is three new team
members in 2024 as well so again if you
can achieve your dreams without a team
then you ain't dreaming big enough those
were my goals for 2024 let's talk about
the frequencies of posting that I'm
going to use in order to strategically
achieve those goals first is podcast AKA
YouTube videos depending on where you're
consuming this content and my goal is to
just maintain there at two per week but
one thing that we started doing the end
of 2024 is being much more strategic
with the titles of each of the episodes
and with the content that we are
covering that is how we've been able to
reach significantly more people with the
podcast and grow the subscriber and
listener count of this show so that's my
goal is to really just maintain this
consistent level of two episodes per
week and by the way when I'm talking
about podcasting and YouTube I guess it
would be helpful throughout this entire
episode to kind of let you know behind
the scenes what we have or who we have
plugged away we do have an entire team
who helps us edit publish upload and
optimize these YouTube videos we have
two different YouTube Consultants who
help us with the overall strategy and
planning as well as looking at the
analytics what's working and what isn't
of course we have my mom and myself who
can bounce ideas off each other and help
brainstorm and script out and outline
these different episodes we have our
Podcast manager Kristen who is wonderful
who kind of makes sure that every single
box is getting checked and everything is
getting done and we're staying up to dat
and on schedule with the podcast we also
have multiple editors we have thumbnail
designers and we have YouTube managers
who are really keeping tabs on
everything with YouTube and with the
podcast more generally so really the
majority of the work that my mom and I
have to do for podcasting is scripting
outlining coming up with the actual name
of the show and then actually of course
recording the show as I am right now but
once we're done with that we largely
pass it off to the team and they take
care of most of the rest the second
frequency that I'm going to be focused
on with social media in 2024 is two
Instagram feed posts per day and really
that's a minimum because some days I
will do three or even four Instagram
feed post per day but two per day is my
minimum and of those two one is always
going to be a real and one is always
going to be a non-real whether it is a
photo or a carousel or an infographic
something else besides reals will be
shared every single day onto my
Instagram feed and that's because
without doing an entire episode on this
subject it is statistically accurate to
say the more you post the more you grow
there have been numerous studies done
now that have shown that there is a
direct correlation between post rate and
growth rate on Instagram so with my goal
being to grow by about 300,000 followers
on Instagram this year I know that in
order to achieve that I'm going to have
to keep my post frequency my post rate
very high and don't worry in just a
little bit like I've already said I'm
going to be talking about my strategies
not just my frequency but the actual
strategy behind the frequency and what
kinds of posts I'm making and I'm going
to walk you through my overarching kind
of workflow or my systems that I have in
place in order to make these things
possible because maybe you're already
feeling stressed out and overwhelmed
hearing that I'm going to post multiple
Instagram feed posts per day and two
podcasts per week and I haven't even got
into Tik Tok yet which Speaking of on
Tik Tok I'm going to be posting at least
two Tik Tok posts per day one of those
will be a trend and the other one will
be an original audio and then yes of
course I'm not going to neglect all of
the other social medias I do mainly
focus on YouTube you Instagram and Tik
Tok if you want to know why check out
the episode that I did last week about
the big three social media I believe the
topic of the episode was Which social
media is right for you in 2024 and I
spent the majority of that episode
talking about Instagram Tik Tok and
YouTube those are my focus in 2024 but I
am also active on every other social
network I'm active on Twitter on threads
on Pinterest on LinkedIn on Facebook of
course and I'm able to do that largely
as kind of an afterthought secondary
platforms these are not platforms where
I am currently investing a lot of time
energy or effort but in 2024 I am
considering one of those new team
members that we bring on being someone
who can really focus in on one of those
other platforms and potentially grow
those platforms maybe I'm going to hire
a Pinterest expert to manage and help
grow my Pinterest maybe I'm going to
hire someone for LinkedIn or threads or
Facebook I'm not entirely sure yet
that's still kind of up in the air again
those aren't really priorities at the
moment but it's something I am
considering in 2024 my main platforms
though like I said are podcasting AKA
YouTube Instagram and Facebook and I
plan on posting two times per day on
Instagram two times per day on Tik Tok
and two times per week on the podcast
all right now let's talk strategy and
I'm going to really focus in on my
Instagram strategy because I don't have
a robust strategy for Tik Tok or for the
podcast just yet for Tik Tok really my
only strategy that I'm sticking with is
the one trending audio per day and the
one original audio per day I'm using
hashtags I'm using keywords I'm of
course making sure that I'm sticking to
my Niche and I'm staying consistent but
there isn't like a really indepth
strategy for my Tik Tok and same with
the podcast here we're uploading
consistently we're making sure that we
are SEO optimized for YouTube ranking
and for podcast search and of course
we're trying to promote and grow the
show but my main strategy where I mainly
focused in on is Instagram and of course
Instagram is my bread and butter
Instagram is what I'm best known for and
what I love doing the most so let me
share with you my full overarching
strategy behind my Instagram feed and
really my Instagram as a whole for 2024
and keep in mind as I share the strategy
with you that I have a baseline of two
posts per day so that's about 14 posts
per week but again some days are more so
it's really like 14 to 20 Instagram feed
posts per week that means I have 14 to
20 opportunities to kind of play around
and mix and match this strategy you'll
understand more as I go through it but
okay every single week on Instagram I do
at least two of my own self-promotions
these are usually promotions for the
insta Club Hub and I usually divide
these two promotions into one that is
purely for joining the club maybe it's
to join the trial or to get on our email
list and the second insta Club of
promotion is kind of like a layered
promotion if you will it's promoting a
lead Magnet or an opt-in page where
someone can get some sort of free
download some gift some guide or
whatever in exchange for their email
then they're on our insta clubhub email
list so basically I'm doing two feed
posts per week on my Instagram in order
to grow my business in addition to that
I usually do about one paid partnership
per week this can vary depending on my
schedule what Partnerships I have agreed
to I never do more than two week I think
I've never done three in a single week
usually two a week feels like a lot to
me so I try to stick to just one paid
partnership one paid sponsored post per
week and of course that is me promoting
another company or brand also on my in
stream feed I try to do one
collaboration post per week because
they're just such a great way to connect
my community with someone else's
Community expose my Instagram account to
someone else's followers and vice versa
as well as just collaborate with other
people it's a really enjoyable thing I
love collaborating on Instagram and one
of my goals for 2024 is to do about one
a week I was pretty consistent with that
frequency at the end of 2023 and so my
hope is that it will continue for this
year additionally on my feed I try to do
two super sheer worthy post per week
Shares are the best form of engagement
on Instagram they're the best way to
reach new people and get new eyeballs on
your account however if every single one
of your posts is super sharew worthy the
likelihood that your followers are going
to share everything you post is pretty
low but instead if you see like 10 posts
from me in a week and two of them are
super sharew worthy well then you're
more likely to share those two rather
than sharing none because everything is
kind of the same same level of sharew
worthiness I hope that makes sense so
two posts per week that are super sharew
worthy that I know are really going to
hit home for people and make them want
to share this post or send to someone
else in addition to that I do four posts
per week that are super valuable and
educational ones that feel like they're
you know taking you back to school and
it's a really educational lesson a lot
of value maybe a tutorial four of those
per week and usually those are saved for
weekdays because I have found that my
audience is much more receptive to
learning things and sitting down and
taking notes and watching my video a few
times to really soak it all in Monday
through Thursday than they are Friday
through Sunday speaking of Friday
through Sunday those are the days that I
reserve for my memes and my motivation
so typically those weekend days people
are a little bit a little bit more
checked out you know they're not paying
as much attention to my social media
they're you know weekend Vibes they're
chillaxing watching TV whatever and so
on those days I try to stick to either
funny relatable memes or inspirational
motivational posts with maybe like a
quote or some sort of um inspiring
reminder and in addition to all of that
I do try to post about one personal post
per week that's not to say it's usually
like a picture of my wife and I out at
dinner but just something where I'm
maybe giving you behind the scenes into
my life or sharing something more
personal or a personal story that might
relate back to my Niche or growing on
Instagram or building a business or
whatever so about once per week I'm
doing something that is personal so
again if I was to summarize My overall
Instagram feed strategy if you're
someone who's posting five times a week
or three times a week maybe you're not
posting 20 times a week like I am really
my focus is on sharew worthy content and
valuable content on the weekdays and on
the weekends I stick to more
light-hearted motivational or meme
related content but then when it comes
to Promotions I'm promoting things about
3 days a week so almost 50% of the time
I'm promoting something whether it's
myself or something from another brand
or company that I'm getting paid to
promotee the rest of my Instagram
strategy isn't super important for
growth because it's Instagram stories
and Instagram live which spoiler alert
in case you didn't know Instagram
stories and Instagram live have almost
no benefit in growing your following
very very very very very few new
followers will ever be gained from
stories or from going live on Instagram
going live and Instagram stories
definitely have a purpose and they're
really great for building Community for
getting a personal touch onto your
Instagram or for selling but they're not
so great for growing your following so
if your goal is to grow your following
in 2024 I would focus more on the feed
than on stories and lives my stories
strategy is one of the things that has
changed the most recently and my story
strategy that I'm sticking with and that
I'm recommending for 2024 is a less is
more approach where we used to say the
more stories you posted the more views
you would get if you were posting more
than 10 a day that would put you in the
top 1% of all business owners on
Instagram and thus you'd be getting more
views more clients all of that good
stuff now I'm taking a less is more
approach meaning that I'm really only
posting stories about 3 or 4 days per
week and on the days that I am posting
stories I'm posting one or two or maybe
three the days where I'm posting 10 15
20 stories are very few and far between
and they're usually intentional it's
because we're in that weird week between
Christmas and New Year's and no one's
really paying attention and I'm not
selling anything and and I wanted to do
a more personal Q&A or maybe it's like
my birthday day and so I want to answer
some questions about me that don't
relate to business and so I'm going to
answer a bunch of questions those are
few and far between the vast majority of
the days my stories are either one or
two or maybe three Clips long or nothing
at all and I do that because when I do
nothing at all it resets my story's
algorithm and when I come back on the
following day My Views are more likely
to spike up and be significantly more
than if I was to just continually post
and always have something up on my
stories and then for live my strategy
for quarter 1 2024 is zero lives per
week zero lives in total and the reason
for that is that algorithmically
speaking the Instagram no the reason for
that is because I want to go
snowboarding the reason for that is that
I have other priorities in my life
rather than going live I love going live
on Instagram it's super fun it's super
engaging I love getting to connect with
people but the return on investment that
I get from going live isn't that
significant whether I'm looking at
followers compensation sales customers
whatever it's just not that great I get
way more joy and satisfaction from
spending a few hours snowboarding and as
someone who lives in the mountains and
it is winter here in North America I'm
going to spend most of my q1 2024
snowboarding rather than going live on
Instagram now that likely is going to
change in Q2 and Q3 as I have more free
time less time snowboarding I will
probably go live more frequently but
that's not necessarily because it's
going to help me all that much with
growth or with Sal Sal that's really
just because it's something that I find
valuable to connect with my community
and to give back to my community so I
will be doing that a little bit more in
the middle of 2024 but I don't
anticipate doing a ton of Instagram
lives or any other lives for that matter
in 2024 because it just doesn't provide
a huge return on investment now that
we've talked about my frequencies my
goals my strategies let's talk about the
kind of overview of my systems for how
I'm able to make all of this happen for
podcasting I usually record podcasts
about 1 to two days per week depending
on the frequency sometimes my mom's
doing more podcast sometimes I'm doing
more podcasts sometimes I'll record two
or three in one sitting so that I can
kind of get out ahead of it and then not
have to record for a week or two but
generally podcasting takes me about 1
hour per episode these episodes are
usually between 20 and 40 minutes long
which means it usually takes me a little
bit less than double that in recording
time so if it's a 20-minute podcast it's
maybe 30 minutes of recording if it's a
45-minute podcast it's probably probably
about an hour of recording and that
doesn't include the time spent before
the podcast outlining it researching it
coming up with a script and a plan and
then like I said earlier largely once
I'm done recording the majority of my
work is done I have to make sure to
upload I have to work with the team on
the title the thumbnail those sorts of
things but for the majority of my work
when it comes to podcasting that is done
on the front end and then when it comes
to Tik Tok I don't currently have a
robust strategy that is one of the
things I'm working on developing in 2024
but I also find it somewhat challenging
because of my Reliance upon trending
audios and trending content on Tik Tok I
want to make sure I stay relevant and so
planning my content weeks in advance is
a little bit more difficult over on Tik
Tok it's difficult to plan weeks in
advance and still stay current and
relevant but it is something that I hope
to develop in 2024 and that original
content the more long- winded direct to
camera original audio type content that
is something that I know I'm going to be
able to develop a system for especially
because on Tik Tok they usually they
being the average consumer the average
viewer they anticipate and they enjoy a
lesser edited video rather than a super
highly edited video and so I see
eventually being able to develop kind of
like a backlog or a big list of batched
content that I can post over subsequent
days or even schedule to be posted for
me onto Tik Tok so I don't have to worry
about creating content every single day
but as it currently stands I am
recording new content for Tik Tok every
single day and surprisingly it might not
take as much time as you may think I
really only carve out about 20 minutes
per day to record content for Tik Tok as
I am scrolling through Tik Tok just for
my own personal enjoyment and pleasure
if I see something that gives me an idea
or if I see something that is like a
trending audio that I think I might be
able to reuse I will send that from my
old account which is where I still
consume content to my new account which
is where I post content I'll send that
over there and then when I'm in my 20
minutes of of recording for Tik Tok I'll
just quickly record that trending audio
and really the majority of my 20 minutes
on Tik Tok creating content each day
it's spent on the original audios the
direct to camera videos like I've been
talking about so I am recording content
every single day on Tik Tok it doesn't
take me that long but nonetheless it is
something that I'm still doing on a
daily basis and last but not least let's
talk about my Instagram systems I have
built a very robust system for my
Instagram because way back in 2020 and
21 I was flying by the seat of my pants
and I took pride in that I took pride in
the fact that I would record content
every single day and then post it that
same day and I was just kind of kind of
on this Perpetual hamster wheel
treadmill of create record post record
create post edit post post like I was
always every single day creating and
editing and it was very stressful and
overwhelming and I was spending a lot
more time at that stage as a content
creator and someone who is working in
the business rather than someone who is
working on the business now I've been
able able to take a step back I spend
very little time on my Instagram I spend
much more time overseeing and really
being the CEO of the insta clubhub
rather than just creating content every
single day and always you know editing
new posts and planning my next post
instead it's gotten to the point now
where I really only record content a few
days a month for Instagram and I could
theoretically go weeks at a time without
even checking Instagram on my phone and
it would be okay but how did I get to
this stage and what even are all the
systems I have in place let me just say
that it took a while to get here it
wasn't like overnight flip a switch hire
a bunch of people put all these systems
in place and then just throw my hands up
and be like I'm done took a lot of trial
and error it took a lot of practice and
a lot of testing out with different
people and different systems in
different apps and softwares to make
sure I had this honed in but now I've
got it to a system that is uh pretty
easy to manage and very very low energy
and effort on my end so the first part
of my system doesn't have a particular
app or software or time frame it is just
that I'm always getting ideas getting
inspiration coming up with content
coming up with topics learning things
about my audience learning things about
my my area of expertise my Niche
watching other people's videos and
really important to is I'm always
listening I'm always you know reading
the comment section within other
industry leaders I'm always listening to
overarching Trends and reading articles
and blogs and listening to other
podcasts and reading books about the
this topic about growing a business on
social media and so that's something
that I'm always doing so that my brain
is kind of always thinking of ideas
sometimes I'll be listening to a book
and I'll get 20 or 30 content ideas and
I'll just write them down in my notes
app sometimes I'll be listening to Drake
and I'll be like on a run and boom
suddenly an idea will pop into my head
sometimes I'll be watching a YouTube
video about something random like
snowboarding and an idea will pop into
my head so I'll just write it down in my
notes app so as I'm going through life
I'm always getting ideas and inspiration
because really as corny as it is to say
ideas and inspiration are everywhere
around you there's always something that
you can talk about that you can draw
inspiration from and so I just kind of
allow those things to always kind of be
talking to me it's just my job to make
sure I'm listening then I usually pick
two to three times per month where I'm
going to sit down where I am right now
with the microphone with the lights with
the camera action and I'm going to
record a bunch of content but before we
get to that step which that step is
really step three step two
is planning what I'm going to record and
I usually do that a day or two before
the recording so that those ideas are
still fresh so that the creativity and
the inspiration for those ideas is still
flowing through me so again throughout
the entire month throughout the entire
year I'm just coming up with ideas
randomly writing them down a lot of them
won't be acted on a lot of them won't
even make sense later I'm just quickly
writing down things screenshotting posts
that I see scribbling notes here and
there and then about 36 hours or less
before I plan to sit down and start
recording I'll start writing outlines or
bullet pointed scripts or even sometimes
full-on word forword scripts for the
content that I'm going to then record
then it gets to the actual recording
time and for me I usually like to set
aside 1 to two hours per recording
session so again that would be 2 to four
hours in total for the entire month of
recording content at least for Instagram
and for my short form video content
again I'm usually sitting right here at
my desk I have my mic my camera my
lights all that good stuff and I just
hit record and during that recording
session the only thing that I'm doing is
changing maybe my shirt or changing like
what I'm wearing I might change the
angle a little bit but for the most part
I'm right in this spot I'm not writing
new scripts I'm not editing I'm not
uploading I am purely just recording I
have my little remote stop and start I
stop the video I read my next script I
start the new one and I record the next
script and I just go on banging them all
out so that I can record as many in that
short time frame and I think that's
important at least for me because I
don't know about you but I have
different mindsets that I need to be in
like the enthusiastic charismatic on
camera personality is not who I'm able
to be 247 365 I am usually very high
energy I am usually quite enthusiastic
about most things in life but getting on
camera and recording is a specific time
frame a specific mindset really that I
need to be in and maybe if you're
listening to this you're someone who
needs to make sure that you know they
look put together and they have their
hair and makeup done fortunately I'm a
guy in my mid-20s so I don't wear makeup
and my hair is like 3 mm long so I don't
have to worry about doing my hair so
it's pretty easy for me to just sit down
here and start recording but if you're
someone who maybe takes a little bit
more for you to get in that recording
mindset in that recording setting or
being uh mentally and physically ready
to record then plan those things out
ahead of time schedule them quite
literally into your calendar so that you
can prepare and be ready when it is time
to record and then when you are
recording don't constantly be stopping
yourself to do other little things get
distracted trying to script while also
recording trying to edit while also
recording don't do any of that just sit
and record then once I'm done recording
the majority of my work is now done I
then upload all of the raw content into
Google Drive which is what me and my
team use to communicate and share files
so I upload of my content there and then
I have my assistant label all of the
content he then lets my editor know that
the content is there it's properly
labeled and it's ready to be edited from
there of course my Eder edits she does
about 16 edits per month for me of these
more professional looking short form
videos and reals she does 16 per month
once she's done there she lets my social
media manager know my social media
manager can then schedule all of my
content so she has all of my Str
strategies in mind she knows all of my
minimums all of my goals she has all of
these best practices that I basically
shared with you today I've shared with
her so she is then able to use metrol to
schedule all of my content and then last
but not least she just lets me know so
that I can give final approval so really
I'm just recording and uploading the raw
content and then from there my team is
handling the rest they're handling the
labeling the editing the uploading the
scheduling all of that good stuff and
then all I have to do is come in at the
very end make sure that all the posts
look good add some captions here and
there make sure things are going to be
posted when I want them to be posted and
then we're good to go and that's really
it for my Instagram of course I'm always
tracking how posts are doing I'm making
sure to keep tabs on what I've posted
recently to see how it's performing to
make sure that it's resonating with my
audience that they're responding well to
it and then the only other strategy that
I haven't shared today that does play a
huge role in my social media content in
my social media hyperf frequency I think
marketing Harry One Time called my
Instagram level of consistency he called
it hyper consistency or something like
that and I think that is true and it
does oftentimes when I tell these
numbers to people it feels crazy and
unobtainable but one huge strategy that
I haven't mentioned so far today that I
use on a daily basis for about 75% of my
content is what we call upcycling
upcycling is essentially the idea of
reposting or recreating something you
have shared in the past so really your
taking a post that you posted more than
90 days ago more than 3 months ago and
you're either posting it again or you're
kind of freshening it up a little bit
changing a few things tweaking the
caption maybe changing out the hook and
then posting it again that way you're
not constantly burdened with having to
come up with new content and new ideas
and new posts instead you can just take
the things that have already performed
well and that have already shown that
they're going to be a quality post or
get good engagement and you are posting
them again which means they're likely
going to get good engagement the second
time and like I said a moment ago this
is for about three out of four of every
post I make about 75% of the content
that I share is not new about 75% of the
content is either a recreation of
something from the past or a direct
repost of something that I have shared
before and in doing that I'm able to
alleviate myself quite literally of 75%
of the work that you might expect me to
have to do describing everything I've
described so far in this podcast of
course a huge caveat for all of this is
that you have to have a backlog of posts
I've been creating content online for
like 15ish years now long time and I've
been creating content about growing on
Instagram for like the last 5 years so I
have five years worth of content that I
can pull from I have five years worth of
consistent posting that I can pull ideas
from and that I can recreate or repost
so if you're someone who's brand new to
social media it might not be as easy for
you you might not be able to repost 75%
% of your content but maybe you could
repost 10% that's 10% less work that you
don't have to do maybe you have 20% of
your content from 2023 that you're going
to reuse or recreate in 2024 well that's
now 20% less work 20% less time energy
and effort that you have to spend the
only time energy and effort you have to
spend is posting the content again which
theoretically should only take a few
seconds again I want to remind you that
these were my own frequencies strategies
and systems for 2020 based on my own
personal goals for 2024 so your systems
strategies and frequencies are likely
going to look different than mine we're
all in different seasons of our life and
in our business but I hope today was eye
opening for you I hope you learned a few
things I hope you had a few takeaways
from this episode if you're still trying
to figure out which social media is best
for you in 2024 I recommend checking out
the episode I did just last week on
exactly that topic trying to figure out
which platform you should be focused on
this year thank you so much for watching
today and as always happy
[Music]
networking